** Week 1 Readme Response - Allison McJannet **

This homework assignment was a challenge for me because I struggled to remember many of the web development concepts from previous courses. To get back on track, I had to do a lot of research to ensure I met all the requirements, such as how to properly implement mobile-first design and create an interactive hero image. Since coding and web design hadn’t come naturally to me, especially since I had not done it since the summer, I relied on past work and additional online resources (like W3Schools tutorials and readings for things like CSS units I hadn’t tried using before, as well as the class example) to help me grasp the concepts again. Despite some confusion at the beginning, I felt much more confident about building simple websites by the end. 

One of the challenges I faced during this project was ensuring the different elements, like the hero image, text boxes, and photo gallery especially, overlapped correctly without overflowing when the screen size changed. This required a lot of trial and error, but I eventually figured it out by researching different techniques and investigating the example provided. I learned how to scale the screen and content for different devices, which was a new skill for me, and I was happy to see the results once I got the elements working together smoothly. Additionally, I worked through creating a photo gallery by referencing notes from past projects, which helped me recall how to implement features like that. 

I also had some difficulty figuring out exactly how to structure the sections of my website based on the homework instructions. I did my best to incorporate the necessary sections while reflecting on who I am, providing a quick biography, sharing my inspirations, and recalling a memory of a video game and how it related to the greater world. I wanted to show that I was capable of understanding the course's expectations and had the technical skills to build the website after receiving some help. Overall, the process was rewarding, and I felt I gained valuable experience in both designing a responsive site and working through challenges in web development. 
